<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
     PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
     "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_us" lang="en_us">
<head>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
	<title>Syntax - Typo3 extension Bib</title>
	<style type="text/css">
		body {
			font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif
		}
		th, td {
			text-align: left;
			padding: 1ex;
		}
		th { 
			background-color: #ddd; 
			padding: 1ex;
		}
		div.main { max-width: 50em; }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
<div class="main">

<h1>Typo3 extension Bib - Publication syntax</h1>


<h2>Special characters</h2>
<p>Characters that (normally) don't appear on a keyboard can be used in the following ways.</p>
<ul>
<li>Copy and paste them from a different location</li>
<li>Use the (x)html equivalent, e.g "&amp;uuml;" or "&amp;#252;" for "&uuml;"</li>
</ul>
<p>
For a list of special characters in (x)html search the internet for "html special characters".<br/>
This includes greece letters.
</p>




<h2>Mathematics</h2>
<p>At the moment only subscripts and superscripts are supported</p>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td></td><th>Subscripts</th><th>Superscripts</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<th>Write:</th><td>CO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;</td><td>E=mc&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>Get:</th><td>CO<sub>2</sub></td><td>E=mc<sup>2</sup></td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>




<h2>Forbidden characters</h2>
<p>Some characters can't be used for displaying because they have special functionality in html/xml.</p>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<th>Don't use</th><th>Use</th><th>Editor input example</th><th>Displays as</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>&amp;</td><td>&amp;amp;</td><td>Father &amp;amp; Son</td><td>Father &amp; Son</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>




<h2>Text formatting</h2>
<p>The following tags are recognized for both (x)html and BibTex.</p>

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<th>Tag</th><th>Editor input example</th><th>Description</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>em</td>
<td>&lt;em&gt;Text&lt;/em&gt;</td>
<td>Emphasize the embraced text. Mostly rendered in italics.</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>strong</td>
<td>&lt;strong&gt;Text&lt;/strong&gt;</td>
<td>Emphasize the embraced text. Mostly rendered in bold.</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>prt</td>
<td>&lt;prt&gt;Text&lt;/prt&gt;</td>
<td>Protect the embraced Text. In the BibTeX export the text gets embraced with braces: {Text}</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</body>
</html>
